so you're telling me the only reason
autumn invited us to the law and want it
to be a friend it's because she was
jealous of us so sure sounds like it
pretty much this does not add up this is
not I mean seriously why would somebody
like why would somebody like autumn like
want to be our friend our friend I'm a
loser I'm crazy this just doesn't add up
just be happy that the most popular girl
in the school wanted to be our friend
and invited us to the mall okay hey guys
hey hey on him hey autumn eye on him so
I was thinking camera and Melissa should
get makeovers makeovers no no if my
parents would really let me well just
think I mean people like guys would be
like what just lining up to go out with
you hi mom hi dad um I have a question
well can I get a makeover but why not
all my friends are doing it and I'll
totally stand out here give me the
give the phone to mom hey mom okay
please please please get us get a
makeover well yeah and all my friends
are doing it too oh yeah and yeah i was
planning pretty much just that well you
and dad are and i just feel like i stand
out so much
really I can oh em gee thanks mommy are
the best buy my mom and dad said yes I
can that's great awesome what about you
Melissa uh I doubt my mom and dad will
even care okay well off to the salon no
no more I'm going insane look in selfie
a salon how can I help you um I'm just
here for a small makeover okay go follow
Sabrina that room over there follow me
hi Sabrina how may I help you well I was
kind of thinking Oh finally something
exciting follow me in this room over
here all right Jim this year hey you
wanted this look yet to face the hard
times this rub that in there and so get
this bob was under my bed the entire
time that's interesting what do you
think hmm I kind of like it Thanks no
problem it's my specialty oh hey look
here comes your friend oh yeah I hate to
brag but I think this is my best work
yet voila how do I look oh um gee OMG
what's wrong do I look terrible are you
kidding you look awesome OMG thanks well
now to go show summer in Salina
geez it's been a while I hope they're
okay yeah I just I just hope they don't
look completely hideous oh we're more
than ok Wow Melissa you look great yeah
oh it's nothing up compared to dr.
little camera hey guys ah oh em gee what
what is it you look amazing thanks OMG
totally do have you looked in a mirror
yet well not really we need to get into
like a bathroom or something no worries
I got a little mirror right in my pocket
here you go check yourself out oh and
gee I especially love my eyes I have
those on oppressed OMG I can't wait to
show my mom and dad they'll be so
surprised surprised all right oh I gotta
go bye bye cheese I'm really I'm really
liking some on him I mean she's really
nice I know I can't believe it I know
this idea was the best ever I know just
look at all of us we're all now
beautiful people ah this is awesome
well how did it go terrible camera looks
beautiful I mean so beautiful she's even
prettier than me ah my life is ruined
you still have the whole secret thing
you're right still have a chance there
well time to go make-up make a plan come
on hey anyone wonder what happened to
that one giraffe what are your happy
place go to your happy place go to your
happy place